update output.md and usage.md (#194)
nf-core/funcscan: docs/usage.md

nf-core/funcscan is a pipeline for efficient and parallelised screening of long nucleotide sequences such as contigs for possible natural products sequences. It targets antimicrobial peptides, antimicrobial resistance genes, and biosynthetic clusters.

## Running the pipeline

The typical command for running the pipeline is as follows:

```bash
nextflow run nf-core/funcscan --input samplesheet.csv --outdir <OUTDIR> -profile docker
```

This will launch the pipeline with the `docker` configuration profile. See below for more information about profiles.

Note that the pipeline will create the following files in your working directory:

```bash
work                # Directory containing the nextflow working files
<OUTDIR>            # Finished results in specified location (defined with --outdir)
.nextflow_log       # Log file from Nextflow
# Other nextflow hidden files, eg. history of pipeline runs and old logs.
```

> By default, no screening workflows for any of the natural product types will be executed. However, when activating a given screening workflow, all tools within the workflow will be activated. Therefore you must explicitly skip those tools you do not wish to run.
> 
> For example, if you want to run AMP and ARG screening but you don't want to run the DeepARG tool of the ARG workflow and the Macrel tool of the AMP workflow, you would define this as follows:
> 
> ```bash
> nextflow run nf-core/funcscan --input <my_samplesheet>.csv --outdir <OUTDIR> -profile docker --run_arg_screening --arg_skip_deeparg --run_amp_screening --arg_skip_macrel
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run any of the three screening workflows, switch them on:

- `--run_amp_screening`
- `--run_arg_screening`
- `--run_bgc_screening`

When switched on, all tools of the given workflow will be run by default. If you don't need specific tools, you can explicitly skip them.

Example: You want to run AMP and ARG screening but you don't need the DeepARG tool of the ARG workflow and the Macrel tool of the AMP workflow. Your command would be:

```bash
nextflow run nf-core/funcscan --input samplesheet.csv --outdir <OUTDIR> -profile docker --run_arg_screening --arg_skip_deeparg --run_amp_screening --arg_skip_macrel
```
```
